added applications known issue (#6236)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_application.adoc

See the following known issues for the Application lifecycle component.

[#service-account-does-not-have-automatic-secrets]
== Service account does not have automatic secrets
//2.10:ACM-10439

> In {ocp} 4.15 provisioned by IBM VMware, when you create a service account, it does not automatically create a secret. Therefore, the {product-title-short} `gitopsCluster` controller fails to generate the managed cluster secret for the ArgoCD push model. {ocp} 4.14 provisioned by IBM VMware and {ocp} 4.15 with any provider, do not observe this issue.  

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion. i'm confused when you say, "do not observe this issue" 
```suggestion
When you create a service account in {ocp} 4.15 provisioned by IBM VMware, the account does not automatically create a secret. Therefore, the {product-title-short} `gitopsCluster` controller fails to generate the managed cluster secret for the Argo CD push model. {ocp} 4.14 provisioned by IBM VMware and {ocp} 4.15 with any provider, do not observe this issue.  
```
